[Docs] Explain metric internals (#5899)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/extensions/metrics.rst

    val = metric(pred, target) # this value can be backpropagated
    val = metric.compute() # this value cannot be backpropagated

Metric API
----------

.. autoclass:: pytorch_lightning.metrics.Metric
    :noindex:

Internal implementation details
-------------------------------

This section briefly describe how metrics work internally. We encourage looking at the source code for more info.

> Internally, Lightning wraps the user defined ``update()`` and ``compute()`` method. We do this to among other to

Reviewer: "We do this to among other to"

Mind rephrasing?

Author: Done :]

automatically perform sync and reduce metric states across multiple devices. More precisely, calling ``update()`` does
the following internally:

1. Clears computed cache
2. Calls user-defined ``update()``

Simiarly, calling ``compute()`` does the following internally

1. Syncs metric states between processes
2. Reduce gathered metric states
3. Calls the user defined ``compute()`` method on the gathered metric states
4. Cache computed result

From a user's standpoint this has one important side-effect: computed results are cached. This means that no
matter how many times ``compute`` is called after one and another, it will continue to return the same result.

> The cashe is first emptied on the next call to ``update``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cache is first emptied on the next call to ``update``.
```

``forward`` serves the dual purpose of both returning the metric on the current data and updating the internal
metric state for accumulating over multiple batches. The ``forward()`` method achives this by combining calls
to ``update`` and ``compute`` in the following way (assuming metric is initialized with ``compute_on_step=True``):

1. Calls ``update()`` to update the global metric states (for accumulation over multiple batches)

> 2. Caches the globel state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Caches the global state
```

3. Calls ``reset()`` to clear global metric state
4. Calls ``update()`` to update local metric state
5. Calls ``compute()`` to calculate metric for current batch
6. Restores the global state

> This structure has the important consequence the user defined ``update`` is called **twice** during a single

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This procedure has the consequence of calling the user defined ``update`` **twice** during a single
```
